seven awesome God.
Not want to start off before we get into offering to talk a little bit about Israel.
Amen.
To make sure you guys on the right side.
Make sure you're on the right side.
And if you heard in it at erroneous teaching that Israel belongs to Palestine, that's a life and a pit of hell.
That land has been Israel's land since 2000 BC.
If you don't know that you need to read your Bible, since the days of Abraham, that land belonged to Israel.
And the reason we're dealing with this stuff today is because one, Israel didn't do their job back in those days, and they didn't take that land back.
Come on, say amen, somebody ain't allowed to be taken, but they took it back.
They occupied Atlanta for a while until our president of the United States got involved.
George W. Bush.
What he did is he talked the Israel Prime Minister at that time and to giving up that Gaza Strip.
That strip has always been Israel's land.
But he talked them, and it's always, matter of fact, that strip, when they gave it to the Palestinians, that strip has always been a thorn in Israel's side.
Always been a thorn in Israel's side.
That's why God told them to kick them all out.
Come on and say, amen somebody, because if you don't get rid of them, they gonna come back and they gonna bite you one day.
And what happened was, amen, George W. Bush, he talked the primary thing was Sharon at that time.
And to giving up that land,
Matter of fact, they said that land used to be so gorgeous.
Israel had planted things as far as from the sand.
Flowers, it produced a lot of vegetation from that place.
But the nation of Israel, the prime minister, he actually kicked his people out of that land and gave it to the Palestinians, which came under the control of the Hamas.
I'll come on and say, man, somebody.
Amen.
So the land has always been Israel, but they messed up at that point, but was at the demise of the United States.
Are you listening to me out there?
Matter of fact, that Prime Minister died that year as a result of his decision to kick his people out of that land.
Amen.
Now, Bishop did a whole history on this this past Wednesday.
One of the things they also said, the reason this thing hit Israel was such a surprise.
And why they attack at this time was because, matter of fact, they caught one of the hummus and they asked him, he told them why we attacked that this time.
Because at the time, that new, whatever name is,
Didn't not do whatever their name is.
What he did, he was trying to make his government like the United States with the Supreme Court.
He's trying to take the power from their Supreme Court and they were marching in the streets against it.
And when the hummus seemed that there was division in that land, they said that was the best time to attack.
And that's why they attack so ferociously.
I mean, they did some things that you would never dream of since the holiday calls.
But when you take 40 babies and you kill 40 babies and you behead them, that is pure evil.
They said they had, they found families huddled together, burned alive.
And another thing on that,
The reason they were able to hit settlers, they didn't do a military battle, they didn't go against the military, they went against people.
Unarmed folks.
I listened to me out there.
They went to the settlements that had no weapon at all, and they went and just slaughtered those people.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
And one of the reasons that, you know, if you're one of those people that believe that nobody should have a gun, you're crazy.
Because the reason they were able to slaughter those people, nobody could fight them.
Because none of them had a weapon.
Because in Israel, they're not allowed to have a weapon.
So they were totally defenseless.
They had nothing to fight back.
And they came in there to slaughter those people.
And now they got these hostages that were praying that God will release them.
I want you to go to Psalms 83.
This is a spiritual battle, folks.
This is a serious spiritual battle.
That's why I said, you better make sure you're on the right side.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
Look what it says in the song.
It says, keep not thou silent, O God.
Hold not thy peace, and be not still, O God.
Next verse, come on.
For lo, thy enemies make a tumult.
and they that hate thee have lifted up their what?
Head.
They have taken crafty counsel against thy people and consulted against thy hidden ones.
It says, and they have said, come, let us cut them out from being a nation.
That's what they've been saying for years, folks.
That the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.
They felt this is the perfect time to wipe Israel out.
Then it says, where they have consulted together with one count's consent, they have what they are confederate against thee.
The tab and I can eat them, we're not gonna go to that, go next verse.
All the names, come on, go to next verse.
Come on, go to next verse.
Come on.
He says, then Thomas says, do unto them, as unto the many knights, as to Sierra, as to Jordan, at the brook of Cachon, which prairies
At indoor, they became as dung for the earth.
Make their nobles like Arab and like Zeb.
Yeah, all the princes of Zeban and Zamuni, come on, who said, let us take out to ourselves the houses of God in possession.
Oh my God, make them like a wheel as the stubble before the wind.
as the burn of a wood and as the flaming cell of the mountains on fire.
So persecute them with thy tempest and make them afraid with thy storm.
Fill their faces with shame that they may seek thy name O Lord.
Let them be confounded and troubled forever, yet let them be put to shame and perish.
That men may know
that thou whose name alone is Jehovah, at what?
At the most high over all the earth.
That's what's happening folks.
Now the homeless do not make up all of the Arab nations.
It's them.
You have a radical group that's just plain old crazy.
Are you listening to me?
And Israel's gonna go in there and just wipe them all out this time so they never have this problem again.
And we're praying for them.
And matter of fact, one of the things Bishop told us to pray for, come on, not only a piece of Jerusalem, but he said, pray for the United States.
Why?
See, they attacked Israel because of division.
Right now, the United States is so divided.
We are open for attack.
That's why he said pray that there's no terrorist activity attacks in the United States.
And with the open borders, they have so many terrorists that across the border, we don't know how many of them are in the United States right now.
That's why he said pray for the United States, pray for our leaders, pray for our military.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
Pray for the IDF, come on, say, man, somebody, come on, are you with me out there?
We're living in some serious times.
Serious times.
We're saying, matter of fact, this has never happened in history.
Are you listening to me?
And like he said, this is not going to be a one day war.
He believed this is going to be drawn out for a long time.
And you don't know how many other people get involved in this.
So we need to pray.
Don't be sticking your head in the sand like this gonna affect you.
My fact that I just seen a report today, they're talking about cutting up, you know, one of the biggest attacks on our electrical grid in the United States.
What's your put the people in starvation?
We need to get rid of Ricky.
But that's what they're saying.
This is in the government.
They're afraid what's not going to happen.
They're going to attack our electrical grid.
If our electricity boat, people will starve.
And I've been telling you time and time again, you better make sure you're ready.
Spiritually, come on, say, man, somebody, make sure you have your house in order.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Um, came my heart about the reason why we have prayer.
We are without excuse at this church.
We literally have prayer every day.
And I was always like, okay, daddy, you say, okay, do this thing.
And it's like, do that thing.
They're going the afternoon.
I'm like, Jesus, Jesus.
I mean, and then now I see why we are without excuse.
for your families.
They're no different from us.
They just was people living their lives.
And then all of a sudden, boom.
God is saying, we are with all this use.
We got 6 a.m. to 7.
We got the afternoon at 12 o'clock.
We're online at 11.
Then you got Sunday morning at 7.30.
You Saturday at 10 o'clock.
You could be a boy and come in a man, brother, and bring your boy.
This is the time to pray like you never prayed.
Yes, my God, my God.
Are you listening to me out here?
And I publicly say, I stand with Israel.
Me too.
We stand.
He said, those that bless them will be blessed.
Those that curse them will be cursed.
And you look throughout the Old Testament, any nation that came against Israel, they were cursed.
Even things that happened in the United States, when they tried to divide that land, it was a result of them.
Come on, we had disastrous results in the United States because of their stand with Israel.
Jerusalem is the center of the world.
Whatever happens in Jerusalem affects the entire world.
So don't be sticking your hands in the sand like this will not have bothered me.
It will affect you and your children's and your children's children's to come.
And you might know what I'm talking about.
So Father, we just thank them.
We praise you right now what you're doing, Father God.
We thank you right now, Father God, that we pray right now, Father God for this country and for this nation.
Father God, we have no terrorist activity here in Jesus' name.
were covered under the blood in the name of Jesus.
And all those in leadership positions, Father God, we thank you right now, we plead the blood of Jesus, we plead the blood of Jesus over the IDF, Father God.
And we thank you right now, when they go unto that ground invasion, Father God, I plead the blood of Jesus over their soldiers, Father God, over their families, Father God, and we continue to pray for the families that lost those babies.
Found their babies beheaded.
We pray for them, Father God.
We thank you Lord.
We couldn't really realize even imagine what they're going through right now.
With the atrocity that was committed against them, Father God.
We thank Him, we praise you right now, Father God.
We give you all the glory, give you all the honor.
We want to see you move like you never move before.
We're about to see a move of God like we've never seen before.
God's gonna show himself strong like he has done in the past.
He'll do it again.
But the glorious part about it, we're gonna witness it.
We're not gonna read about it in the history books.
We're gonna be eyewitnesses of what the Lord is going to do.
We'll be able to tell our grandchildren, our great-grandchildren, we've seen God move in a miraculous way.
Come on, anybody know what I'm talking about.